26. Accused contended that no email was sent to her directly from the accused persons creating her corporate email ID. It is also argued that when the email ID was created, complainant's husband was associated with the accused company's Branch Office at Bengaluru and it is under his instructions the email ID was created, without the knowledge of the accused. It is also argued that on account of unauthorized activities from her mail ID without authorization from the company, her husband was terminated by the accused. However, accused has not produced any document to show that due to the activities in the email account of the complainant, her husband, AJ Ishwar Kumar was terminated from service.

27. Complainant in fact submitted that, they had given a complaint to the Cyber Crime Police Station and the Cyber Crime Police got the information from Net4 India that the email ID of the complainant was created by the company itself. She produced Ex.P9, letter of Net4 India addressed to Cyber Crime Police Station on 09.03.2006 mentioning the details of the domain and that the domain, @abinitiopeople.com belonged to Consindia HR Services Pvt.

Ltd and the Admin's and Tech's email ID was muditranjan@consindiaglobal.com and the same was operated from Vasant Vihar in Delhi. Based on the said report of Net4 India, Cyber Crime Police issued a letter on 22.03.2006 that the email ID of the complainant was configured officially and allotted to the complainant. Therefore, accused cannot argue that the email ID was created at the instance of her husband since the email ID was created by the Admin in Delhi and thereafter, the same is acknowledged by the employees of the Company. Hence, in this background, on perusal of the Ex.P2 and Ex.P3 public notice issued by M/s. Ab initio HR Solutions Pvt Ltd, Mumbai, the same amounts to defamatation.

Ex.P3 Public notice in Economic times Ex.P4 Welcome Message Ex.P5 Email by Hemanth Ojha Ex.P6 Reply to E-mail Ex.P7 Confirmation Mail Ex.P8 Group Mail Ex.P9 Mail by Net 4 India Ex.P10 Acknowledgment given by Cyber Crime Ex.P11 Legal Notice Material Objects got marked NIL Defence NIL Exhibits Marked Ex.D1 Notice dt. 31-01-2006 Ex.D2 Letter of Intent Ex.D3 Letter Material Objects got marked NIL (ANJALI SHARMA.V.S) X ADDL.C.M.M., BENGALURU.
